Add option to define a geo_bounding_box query using a geohash or a geotile (#86292)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-dsl/geo-bounding-box-query.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
===== Lat Lon As a Geohash

> When geohashes are used to specify the bounding the edges of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When geohashes are used to specify the edges of the
```

}
--------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
===== Geohash

> It specifies a bounding box that would match entire area of a geohash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify a bounding box that would match the entire area of a geohash.
```

  "query": {
    "geo_bounding_box": {
      "pin.location": {
        "geohash": "dr"
      }
    }
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
===== Geotile

> It specifies a bounding box that would match entire area of a geotile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify a bounding box that would match the entire area of a geotile.
```
